Test	Test test
What if humans had been made minions.. angels confined to heaven and God's will.. instead of being given choice and life? Would that have been easier than suffering through war, illness, corruption, terror, trauma, violence, disrespect, dysfunction...? 	
#oklouchokeenough	Uzziah Walsh
Every day I find myself increasingly irritated. I’m mostly irritated by slow drivers in the left lane of the road holding up the flow of traffic. I get irritated by people on their phone, ignoring their surroundings, or what’s scarier- people clearly looking at their phones while driving on interstates! Sometimes I'll see someone walking towards me on their phone not looking up and I'll not move out of the way so that they'll run into me and I can say "Hey! Watch where you're going!" Call me self-righteous, but I get a small bit of pleasure out of doing that. Once I read an article that if two people are walking towards each other on a narrow walkway, it’s typically men or wealthier women who will not move out of the way. I recognized that I was a person who always moved out of the way, so I decided that for one week I wouldn't move out of the way. I ran into several people because neither of us yielded. One person yelled “why didn't you move?” and I asked “Well, why didn't you move?” 	
Race is what makes the world go around. Love it or hate it, does not matter!	Adam M
Today is a good day to have a wonderful day! 🫧	Meredith W
"meowowme owowmeow 
meowowme meowmeow 
meowowme owowowow 
meowowow meowowow "	Isabel Rivas
I’M SO TIRED	
"John 14:6 ESV
[6] Jesus said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.

John 3:16-18 ESV
[16]  “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life. [17] For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but in order that the world might be saved through him. [18] Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only Son of God. "	
"Here are the words to my favorite Hymn that brings me comfort and encourages me to stop and listen for ideas when I’m facing any challenges. Maybe others will find the ideas useful:

Shepherd, show me how to go
O’er the hillside steep,
How to gather, how to sow,—
How to feed Thy sheep;
I will listen for Thy voice,
Lest my footsteps stray;
I will follow and rejoice
All the rugged way.
Thou wilt bind the stubborn will,
Wound the callous breast,
Make self-righteousness be still,
Break earth’s stupid rest.
Strangers on a barren shore,
Lab’ring long and lone,
We would enter by the door,
And Thou know’st Thine own;
So, when day grows dark and cold,
Tear or triumph harms,
Lead Thy lambkins to the fold,
Take them in Thine arms;
Feed the hungry, heal the heart,
Till the morning’s beam;
White as wool, ere they depart,
Shepherd, wash them clean
Hymn 304-309 Christian Science Hymnal
Words by the founder of Christian Science, Mary Baker Eddy"	
There was a boy in my elementary school who would sit behind me and snap my bra. A classic class clown. Years later he was in my middle school science class. His mom had been an alcoholic and he pointed out to everyone that our teacher was hungover. Bloodshot eyes, an oddly mean demeanor and slurred words. My parents didn’t drink so I had no idea what a hangover was.  He would talk back to her and call her out on it. Once she yelled at him and sent him to the principle’s office but someone finally listened to him and they found out about the drinking and next thing we knew we had a sub. It was the first time I realized that teachers weren’t perfect and didn’t know everything. I looked that boy up and found out that he eventually had a creative outlet playing guitar with his dad, but that he likely committed suicide while serving in the military in North Carolina. That he’s no longer on this plane of existence made me feel devastated- it doesn’t seem right that he’s gone.	
Internships should not be a requirement to GRADUATE!!!!! PLEASE HELP US!!!! 	Mathew Michaels
dingleberry	ashley niesen
I love graphic design but I don’t think school is for me and I have to do an extra semester on top of the extra year I’ve already done but I am proud of myself for still going 	
I HATE CELERY!!!	
"oink.
mooooooooooooooo
HELLO
hiiiiiiiii
potato."	
"POTATOOOOES
POTATOOOOOOES
HOW I LOVEEEE
POTATOOOOOOOOOOES
MASHED AND FRIED
BAKED AND BOILED
POTATOOOOOOEESSSSSS
*GUITAR SOLO*
OHHHH IIIIII LOVE POTATOESSSSSSS
POTATOES ARE SO GRANDDDD
WHEN I EAT POTATOOOESSSSS
EVERYTHING GOES ACCORDING TO PLANNNNN
POTATOESSSS
POTATOESSSS
BEAUTIFUL POTATOESSSS
WONDERFUL WONDERFUL WONDERFUL 
POTATOESSSSS
*GUITAR SOLO*
POTATOOOOOOOOOOOOOOES
POTATOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOES
OHHHHHH WONDERFUL BEAUTIFUL SCRUMPTIOUS 
POTATOOOOOOESSSS"	
IM KINDA CRAZY 	:]
I like to pee offa the top of rap deck from time to time 🐹	Puddle Maker 
I’m gonna go out jacking it in San Diego	
Why is this world such an evil place????	
Gas is too expensive 	
fuck ice 	
"it's not burnout, it's insatiable desire to keep burning
when is it finished? 
what is the point?
there is no true essence, only pursuit
the art is in its creation
we burn and then we die
art is suicide"	jackie
"I just want it to end, I need it all to end. Nothing is worth it anymore.
Just end."	Maggie K
“ You've shown me I have reasons I should love myself” -BTS	
"You gave me the best of me, so you'll give you the best of you." - BTS	
Jesus Christ is Lord	
love above all	
someone at CAPS told me its okay if i hurt myself and i wonder if she said that because i dont deserve real help	
I'm sorry I let you down baby	
Take down these fucking flyers 	
Sharpedo best pokemon	
i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas i support hamas	
If I had a superpower, I'd want it to be able to communicate with animals. I'd love to know what animals think, especially animals closest and furthest away from humans. I want to know what pets think. Are the looks from dogs that looks like they're smiling and happy actually dogs just having a hard time breathing? Do cats really hate their food or are they being passive aggressive or bored? What do birds see from far above? What do they notice or think about the world and the environment or the impact of humans? Or are they more concerned with food and their mates? What about those unlikely cross-species animal friendships like from that National Geographic show? What would the rhinoceros and goat say about one another and their connection if they could?  What would animals say to humans if they could speak to us and we'd understand?	
I can’t stop thinking about the way im going to eventually die, it haunts me every day	
"“This is gonna be the weirdest confession you’ve ever received, and I’m certain I’m gonna be called a madman for it, but I don’t care. This has been on my chest for years and I need to get it off because I know that image is somewhere online. I know for a fact that there is an image of Noelle drowning somewhere out there, because I saw it with my own two eyes.

Okay, context, because that’s an insane intro paragraph without it.

Basically, this was a multi part comic I found on deviantart somewhere about 4 or so years ago called something along the lines of “Noelle’s Watery Grave” (Look, I was just trying to find deltarune art on deviantart instead of Twitter (before it went to shit and I jumped ship for Bluesky) for a change, give me a break). To the best of my memory, the comic begins with Noelle on a cliff, tied up, gagged, and chained to a weight, before a hooded figure (presumably their design of the Knight) pushes her into the lake. She then proceeds (reference NOT intended in the slightest) to sink to the bottom, attempting to escape while she still can, but failing. Once she does get to the bottom, she sees a key, and tries to reach for it, but ultimately drowns before she does. But then she’s rescued by Susie, who brings her to the surface and revives her, and they happily sit next to each other.

Aside from that plot synopsis, I do not remember anything else about it. I swear I tried to find it again, but it was suddenly gone, so I don’t have any proof that it exists. I’ve looked as far as I can, but as far as I know, all I’ve found are similar images which made me realize that the comic was just an elaborate Aladdin reference.

I know for a fact it’s out there, somewhere, but I just don’t know where. I am writing this confession in the hope that someone, anyone, finds it so that I can put it to rest. To whoever decides to take this undertaking on, I wish you only the best of luck. May this unanswered truth finally be put to rest once and for all.”"	
meow!	rory
The world deserves people like you :]	finny
I love people I love art peace and love on planet earth <3	
:’(	
People silence me	
My voice matters	
$30k in debt to this school. Worked 90 hours a week right out of graduation and still can't afford to live here 🙃 	
Free Tibet	
Listen to the trees	
ངའི་སེམས་ཀྱི་དབང་པོ།	
I feel so alone here on campus even if I’m involved in different organizations. No one seems to care about me. I feel so empty and lost. My lack of laughter is my cry for help but no one is listening. The people that should be here for me, in some way, abandoned me. I may attend the events but I am not there. They don’t care. I just have to keep trying and focus on my goals. I can’t change them.	
bye bye russia	
Luke Prince for President of the United States 2028! 	Joseph Seifried
"What if loneliness, sorrow, didn't exist anymore?

Then every time the night dies,

I won't need to sing songs to fill this gaping hole"	Hy Mochizuki
I hope all works out, for me and everyone 	Nemo nobody 
uhhhhh i foeogt what i was gonna say #nervy	
I feel disgusting.. I feel alone and often find myself asking if life will get any better. It hasn't gotten better.. It will never get better... I don't know what to do anymore. My art was what kept me living, but I'm no longer good at it anymore, it feels painful to see others who are my age or lower and be able to create amazing pieces of art while all I can do is draw usless scribbles. My friends are moving on through life and I feel like such a failure to humanity and life as a whole that I often wish I could give up my life for someone who actually deserves it since it seems that I just squander it with usless nothings... I shut myself away because I fear that I can't escape if something were to happen, so I shut myself away most days unless I have to come to campus or work... I don't know what to do.. I can't see the end of the road.. I don't want to be strong anymore... I just want to know if life is still worth the suffering...	
Cool	
I love the Monsterverse	
Hello — I like Rex	V
Roses are red, blood is also red.... I need to see a doctor, because my piss is red	pound cakes 23
Don’t count days, make days count. 	Gabby
Butterflies🦋	
the world is absolutely a beautiful place, especially with jordan leigh in it	
Non sum qualis eram	
"*Slaps big round belly and violently shits pants 
""Dude, do NOT google dancing Israelis bro"	Butt McCheeks
JESUS LOVES YOU	
JESUS IS KING	
Is this degree pointless? 	
Jenna tools	
everyday is all there is	
Favorite Resident Evil game?	DR
FUCK ICE	
"I love humanity so so so much. I have seen the void and I hate it. I want to hold hands and feel wind and be wet and care for others and lay in grass and look at clouds and sunrises. Sometimes I follow behind people to hear them talk because it gives me pleasure knowing they're happy even if I can't give them that. I want to change, I want intimacy, I want to scream so loud I want to cry I don't want anyone to experience what I've been through. People are the only good species in the universe because of how cruel we can truly be.

""There will always be pigeons in books and in museums, but these are effigies and images, dead to all hardships and to all delights. Book-pigeons cannot dive out of a cloud to make the deer run for cover, or clap their wings in thunderous applause of mast-laden woods. Book-pigeons cannot breakfast on new-mown wheat in Minnesota, and dine on blueberries in Canada. They know no urge of seasons; they feel no kiss of sun, no lash of wind and weather. They live forever by not living at all."" 

""We are all small, and the universe is vast. But a universe with voices saying ""I am here"" is far greater than a universe silent. One voice is small, but the difference between zero and one is as great as one and infinity."""	Pigeon
This will not be read	
I hope this won’t be taken out of context.	
I’m scared for my future. Not because I’m worried about the current political landscape or the housing crisis or the quickly declining environmental quality, but because I never do enough to drag myself towards what comes next. I’m a leech to my family and I haven’t had a job in years. I’ve been given thousands of opportunities and they’ve all felt floundered when I come face to face with my failed classes. I could fight injustice for my trans community. I could fight the censorship that threatens my artistic peers. I could fight the Patriarchy. But I can’t commit to a personal project and see it to completion. I can’t drag myself out of bed to go to class on Tuesdays. I can’t make a single goddamn dollar. I can’t give a shit about huge problems that threaten me and the people I love because I’m fighting myself and I can’t stop losing. I’ve been a net negative for four years and soon, I will be killed for it.	NAO
Why did you plaster this all over the wall?	
D’Lourdes is the greatest vocalist of our generation and everyone is SLEEPING on her	NAO
Your mom	
Parking should be FREE for students	El Mencho 
Goat	
Hi howdy	
"You’re tired in a way that sleep doesn’t fix. You wake up and it already feels like you’re behind, like something is wrong with you for not being able to just be okay the way everyone else seems to. And yeah—some days you barely hold it together. Some days you don’t.

But here’s the part no one really says: you’re still here anyway.

Not because it’s easy. Not because you’re strong in some inspirational, movie-like way. But because, despite everything feeling heavy and pointless sometimes, you haven’t completely let go. Even dragging yourself through the day counts. Even doing the bare minimum counts. That’s not failure—that’s survival.

You don’t need to suddenly become a different person tomorrow. You don’t need to fix everything at once. Just don’t disappear on yourself.

Stay. Even if it’s messy. Even if it hurts. Even if all you can do right now is exist.

That’s still something."	
Reject human misery, living my puppy life (^◔ᴥ◔^)	Mou
Poop fart poop fart fart poopeepoopee	Fart butt
"THE WORLD IS YOUR CANVAS
SO TAKE UP YOUR BRUSH
AND PAINT
THE WORLD
R E D."	
“Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm” - Winston Churchill 	
"I believe smart phones to constitute one of the greatest affronts to the sanctity of the human mind in this century. The ""social"" media industry is an industry which traffics attention as its main good for sale. The endless barrage of easy to consume content poisons our minds. We have gained much with the smart phone. We have lost more. We stand to lose so much more.

This message was sent from an Apple laptop. I scanned the QR code to get here with my flip phone."	drugs-r-bad
If we could all work to understand each other with equal clarity and openness of mind, the world would be a better place.	Weber
I’m scared of finding love but I want it so desperately 	
Jesus is King! He loves you so much. It is never too late to return to Him. 	Elise
enhypen is 7 	
My first instinct was to put “six seven”, but I decided not to due to the societal pressure to be mature. But I do wonder if those random immediate thoughts are what you are after?	Aeris
MKWii🏎️ 🏍️🔥🔥🔥	
Weed	
67	
I have an exam	
I’m sleepy right now and have a big exam . It’s awful 	
I want to go hime	